feat: Added how to clean up efi entries (#904)
suse-edge/suse-edge.github.io: asciidoc/tips/metal3.adoc

====
Kubernetes namespaces can be also used to better organize the different objects.
====

== Clean up old EFI boot entries

Sometimes, the https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/UEFI#UEFI_booting[UEFI boot manager] contains multiple entries for older operating systems that are probably not needed anymore (especially for host being re-provisioned multiple times).
You can clean up those old entries by following any of the following procedures:

* Delete them on the BIOS/EFI setup interface directly (the exact procedure will depend on the hardware).
* Run the UEFI https://uefi.org/sites/default/files/resources/UEFI_Shell_2_2.pdf[`bcfg`] shell as:

----
# List the entries
bcfg boot dump -b
# Delete entry number X
bcfg boot rm X
# X is the number associated the entry to remove. For example, if the entry is "Boot0002 foobar", then X is 2.
----

* Use `efibootmgr` on a Linux system as:

----
# List the entries
efibootmgr -v
# Delete entry number X
efibootmgr -b X -B 

> ----

Reviewer: For the sake of indentation, I had suggested to add "+"
```suggestion
* Use `efibootmgr` on a Linux system as:
+
----
# List the entries
efibootmgr -v
# Delete entry number X
efibootmgr -b X -B 
----
```

====
Kubernetes namespaces can be also used to better organize the different objects.
====

== Clean up old EFI boot entries

There's sometimes where the https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/UEFI#UEFI_booting[UEFI boot manager] contains multiple entries for older operating systems that are probably not needed anymore (especially for host being re-provisioned multiple times).

> It is possible to clean up those old entries by either:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can clean up those entries by following any of the below mentioned ways: 
```
